Adding examples to spam doc of akismet/recaptcha configs to add to staticman.yml (#24)
eduardoboucas/staticman.net: docs/spam.md

  <input type="hidden" name="options[reCaptcha][siteKey]" value="{SITE-KEY}">
  <input type="hidden" name="options[reCaptcha][secret]" value="{ENCRYPTED-SECRET}">
  ```
1. Add the reCAPTCHA credentials to your staticman.yml
  ``` yml
    reCaptcha:
      enabled: true
      # siteKey and secret should match your config.toml
      siteKey: ""
      # (!) ENCRYPT reCaptcha secret key using Staticman /encrypt endpoint
      # i.e. https://{your-staticman-api}/v3/encrypt/{your-site-secret}
      # For more information, visit https://staticman.net/docs/encryption
      secret: ""

>   ```

Reviewer: This is the same as the current step 2:
> 2. Use the Staticman encryption endpoint to encrypt the secret and add the reCAPTCHA options to your site config

Can move this example yaml up so it's right under that step?

Reviewer: Also, which config is `config.toml` referring to?

Author: I believe `config.toml` a hugo-specific reference. I removed it. And the other comment about encrypting the secret was redundant with the text in step 2, so I removed that too.

I haven't implemented reCAPTCHA on my own jekyll/staticman sites, so I'm not sure if these instructions could be further clarified.

1. Follow the reCAPTCHA documentation to add either a <a href="https://developers.google.com/recaptcha/docs/display#auto_render" class="cta">checkbox</a> or <a href="https://developers.google.com/recaptcha/docs/invisible#auto_render" class="cta">invisible challenge</a> to your form.
<br>
<br>

## Akismet

Another option for dealing with spam is to use the Akismet API. Akismet is a spam detection service offered by WordPress. If you enable Akismet, data from your form submissions will be forwarded to Akismet to determine if it's spam.

1. Sign up for an <a href="https://akismet.com/" class="cta">Akismet account</a>. Note your Akismet API key and give Akismet your static site's URL
1. Add the Akismet API key and URL to the <a href="/docs/api" class="cta">API config</a>

> 1. Add the Akismet config to your staticman.yml file, making sure that the values below match your form's fields
>   ``` yml
>   # Akismet spam detection
>     akismet:
>       enabled: true
>       author: "name"
>       authorEmail: "email"
>       authorUrl: "website"
>       content: "message"
>   ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add the Akismet config to your staticman.yml site config file, making sure that the values below match the name properties of your form's fields
  ``` yml
    akismet:
      enabled: true
      author: "name"
      authorEmail: "email"
      authorUrl: "website"
      content: "message"
  ```
```
nit

Author: Oops, one minute. I missed this review note.
